Since you're from below Datong, why don't you come over?
Volume, will Wutiao eat?
I still have something to do. By the way, are Sanda's feet okay?
I'm not as old as you, so what do you mean, I don't know if it's possible?
Is there any credit for this move?
Then you have to keep your emotions in mind when talking on the road,
If you don’t pay a fair price, you have to eat there, right?
I will definitely arrive, to understand, have you discovered the globe?
Wasn’t it cooked for you before? Wasn’t it all used up?
Do you know that this check is to treat paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis, paralysis.
Treat the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis, heal the paralysis